---
layout: nodes.liquid
title: "API Reference"
slug: "chainlink-vrf-api-reference"
hidden: false
metadata: 
  title: "Chainlink VRF API Reference"
  description: "API reference for VRFConsumerBase."
  image: 
    0: "https://files.readme.io/b5afbbd-670379d-OpenGraph_V3.png"
    1: "670379d-OpenGraph_V3.png"
    2: 1459
    3: 1459
    4: "#dbe1f8"
date: Last Modified
---
API reference for <a href="https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/7a4e19a8ff07db1be0b397465d38d175bc0bb5b5/evm-contracts/src/v0.6/VRFConsumerBase.sol" target="_blank">`VRFConsumerBase`</a>.

# Index

## Constructors

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|[constructor](#constructor)|Initialize your consumer contract.|

## Functions

|Name|Description|
|---|---|
|[requestRandomness](#requestrandomness)|Make a request to the VRFCoordinator.|
|[fulfillRandomness](#fulfillrandomness)|Called by VRFCoordinator when it receives a valid VRF proof.|

___

# Constructor

Initialize your consumer contract.

```javascript Solidity
constructor(address _vrfCoordinator, address _link) public
```

* `_vrfCoordinator`: Address of the Chainlink VRF Coordinator. See [Chainlink VRF Addresses](doc:vrf-contracts) for details.
* `_link`: Address of the LINK token. See [LINK Token Addresses](doc:link-token-contracts) for details.

___

# Functions

## requestRandomness

Make a request to the VRF coordinator.

```javascript Solidity
function requestRandomness(bytes32 _keyHash, uint256 _fee, uint256 _seed)
    public returns (bytes32 requestId)
```

* `_keyHash`: The public key against which randomness is generated. See [Chainlink VRF Addresses](doc:vrf-contracts) for details.
* `_fee`: The fee, in LINK, for the request. Specified by the oracle.
* `_seed`: This is the seed from which output randomness is determined. Provided by you.
* `RETURN`: The ID unique to a single request.

> ⚠️ Choosing a seed
> 
> It is vital that you choose a seed that is difficult to anticipate. See [Choosing a Seed](#choosing-a-seed) for more details.

## fulfillRandomness

Called by VRFCoordinator when it receives a valid VRF proof. Override this function to act upon the random number generated by Chainlink VRF.

```javascript Solidity
function fulfillRandomness(bytes32 requestId, uint256 randomness)
    external virtual;
```

* `requestId`: The Id initially returned by `requestRandomness`.
* `randomness`: Random number generated by Chainlink VRF.
___

# Reference

## Choosing A Seed

The source of your seeds should be hard for anyone to influence or predict. Any party who can influence them could in principle collude with the oracle (who can instantly compute the VRF output for any given seed) to bias the outcomes from your contract in their favor.

For example, the block hash is a natural choice of seed for many applications, but miners in control of a substantial fraction of hashing power and with access to VRF outputs could check the result of prospective block hashes as they are mined, and decide not to publish a block if they don't like the outcome it will lead to.

On the other hand, using block hashes as the seed makes it particularly easy to estimate the economic cost to a miner for this kind of cheating (namely, the block reward and transaction fees they forgo by refraining from publishing a block.)

## Maximizing security

Chainlink VRF provides powerful security guarantees and is easy to integrate. However, smart contract security is a nuanced topic. If you have specific questions about your integration, please contact [vrf@chain.link](mailto:vrf@chain.link)