---
layout: nodes.liquid
section: ethereum
date: Last Modified
title: "Hackathon Rules, Waiver & Release, and Code of Conduct"
permalink: "docs/hackathon-rules-waiver-release-and-code-of-conduct/"
---
**Code of Conduct**

This event is a community hackathon intended for collaboration and learning in the Chainlink and broader blockchain communities. We value the participation of each member of the community and want all participants to have an enjoyable experience. Accordingly, all participants are expected to show respect and courtesy to other participants throughout the hackathon. To make clear what is expected, all participants of this hackathon are required to conform to the following Code of Conduct. Organizers will enforce this code throughout the event.


##### **The Code**

The spirit of The Code is to prohibit activities including but not limited to:
* Comments that others find offensive
* Cheating or taking unfair advantage of other participants’ work or efforts
* Any activity related to harassing, demeaning, mocking, or intimidating others, especially this behavior as it relates to characteristics such as:
    * Gender
    * Sexual orientation
    * Physical or mental ability
    * Age
    * Socioeconomic status
    * Ethnicity
    * Physical appearance
    * Race
    * Religion
    * Country of origin
* Examples of other prohibited behaviors include, but are not limited to:
    * Stalking
    * Unwanted sexual attention
    * Use of sexualized content

Participants asked to stop any behavior deemed as harassment are expected to comply immediately. If a participant fails to comply they will be asked to leave the event. Sponsors, judges, mentors, volunteers, organizers, Chainlink team, and anyone else at the event are also subject to the Code. 

If a participant engages in behavior that violates the Code, the hackathon organizers will take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expelling them from the event.

If you feel uncomfortable or think there may be a potential violation of the code of conduct, please report it immediately to one of the event organizers or by emailing us at legal@chain.link. All reporters have the right to remain anonymous.


##### **Event Rules & Conditions**
1. The following rules & conditions (the “Rules”) apply to this Chainlink hackathon (the “Event"). By clicking the “I Accept” button, you acknowledge that you have read these Rules, understand them, and agree to be bound as follows: 
1. You assume full responsibility for any damage or injury caused by you in your participation in the Event (whether to persons or property, and whether to yourself or others) and release SmartContract Chainlink Limited SEZC (and its affiliates) (“Chainlink”), the Event, the organizers of the Event (the “Organizers”), all sponsors of the Event (“Sponsors”), the Event volunteers and the Event staff, (collectively, the “Releasees”) from any liability therefore. **YOU ARE AWARE THAT YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE EVENT IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND THAT THE RELEASE HEREIN IS INTENDED TO REFLECT THAT UNDERSTANDING**
1. You will own any developments that you create during the Event, and all right, title and interest in those developments, including the intellectual property rights therein, shall belong to you. However, you acknowledge that during the course of the Event, you may obtain access to products, developments, information and other materials belonging to Chainlink, other participants of the Event, the Sponsors and/or other third parties (“Third Party Materials”), and that nothing in this Agreement is deemed to transfer any ownership, right, title or interest in such Third Party Materials to you. Your only rights to the Third Party Materials shall be those expressly granted to you by the owner(s) of the Third Party Materials. Specifically, any APIs or other software provided to you by the Sponsors are subject to the subscription terms and software licenses associated with such APIs or other software.
1. By entering this Event, you  represent and warrant that your participation complies with these Rules and that you have sufficient rights to (1) authorize the publication and dissemination of any submission materials and presentations (“Submitted Materials”); (2) allow the Organizers and Sponsors to use and to authorize others to use, publish and disseminate your Submitted Materials.  Further, you are entirely responsible for your Submitted Materials, in whole or in part, if: (a) determined to be defamatory, offensive or otherwise inappropriate; (b) determined to violate any laws, rules or regulations; (c) determined to be infringing, or constitute a misappropriation of any intellectual property rights or confidential or proprietary information of any third party; or (d) determined to violate these Rules.  Your Submitted Materials must be true and accurate and in compliance with these Rules in all regards.  At any time, the Organizers at their sole discretion, reserve the right to remove your Submitted Materials from the Event, in whole or in part, for any violation of these Official Rules.
1. You acknowledge that the Event is intended to be a place where ideas are shared freely, and therefore acknowledge that any information that you share with other participants of the Event, the Sponsors and/or other third parties during the Event is solely at your discretion and risk. If you wish to protect your information, it is solely your responsibility to implement confidentiality and security measures with respect to the persons to whom you are disclosing your information. None of the Releasees shall have any responsibility under this Agreement or by virtue of their participation in the Event with respect to your information.
1. You acknowledge that the Organizers and Chainlink have the right to reject participants in the Event at their sole discretion. 
1. The Organizers have the unrestricted right to use your likeness, image, voice, opinions, and appearance, and also any images of your projects, developments, materials and belongings made at or brought to the Event, captured through video, photographs or other media during the Event for the express purpose of creating promotional material (the “Images”), for the purposes of use in websites, promotional materials, publications and other media of any of the Organizers, whether in print or electronically (the “Materials”). The foregoing right includes permission to copyright, use, re-use, publish, and republish Images in which you may be included, intact or in part, composite or distorted in character or form, without restriction as to changes or transformations, in conjunction with your own or a fictitious name, reproduction in color or otherwise, made through any and all media now or hereafter known;
    1. The Organizers shall solely own the Materials in which you or your Images, in whole or in part, may appear, including copyright interests, and you have no ownership rights therein;
    1. You give all clearances, copyright and otherwise, for use of your Images, and waive any moral rights that you may have in the Materials in which you or your Images may appear. The rights granted to the Organizers herein are perpetual and worldwide. For greater certainty, you agree that your images may continue to be used after the completion of the Event;
    1. You relinquish any right that you may have to examine or approve the Materials in which you or your Images may appear or the use to which they may be applied; and
    1. You hereby release, discharge and agree to save harmless each and all of the Organizers from any liability by virtue of any blurring, distortion, alteration, optical illusion, or use in composite form of the Images whether intentional or otherwise, that may occur or be produced in the recording of the Images or in any subsequent processing thereof, as well as any publication thereof, including without limitation any claims for libel or invasion of privacy.
1. You agree that the Organizers may share your registration details, LinkedIn/Github profiles, details of your Hackathon submission, and other information obtained from you in the course of, or relating to, the Event with the Sponsors, and acknowledge that such Sponsors may contact you during and after the Event. By agreeing to this document and/or participating in the Event, you are providing your express consent to communications by the Organizers and Sponsors (including email communications, both marketing and informational) respecting the products and services of the Organizers and Sponsors, and future events.
1. For valuable consideration, including permission to take part in the Event, you hereby covenant not to sue, and release, waive, and discharge the Releasees, their owners, officers, agents, affiliates, employees, volunteers, and/or any other person or entity in any way associated with the Event, from liability for any injury to your person or property or death arising out of or related to your participation in the Event, whether caused by an act of negligence of the Releasees or otherwise; and hereby assume full responsibility for any risk of bodily injury, death or property damage arising out of or related to your participation in the Event, whether occurring to you or to any other person or entity for whom you are responsible or with whom you are associated, and whether caused by an act of negligence of the Releasees or otherwise. The foregoing release includes, but is not limited to, any occurrences of personal injury, illness (food-borne or otherwise), and loss of belongings, whether by theft or otherwise. You further agree that this instrument (the terms of which collectively are referred to as the Rules) is intended to be as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of California and that if any portion thereof is held invalid, that portion shall be invalid only to the extent required by law, and the balance shall, notwithstanding, continue in full force and effect.
1. You agree to indemnify and hold the Organizers and Sponsors (and judges, mentors, volunteers, organizers, Chainlink team administering the Event) and each of their employees, representatives, agents, attorneys, affiliates, directors, employees, officers, managers, and shareholders (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any damage, loss, cost, or expense (including without limitation, attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred in connection with any third-party claim, demand, or action (“Claim”) brought or asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties, alleging facts or circumstances that would constitute a breach of any provision of the these Rules by you; arising from, related to, or connected with your entry, Submitted Materials, presentations and participation in any way in any aspect of Event , including receipt of any prize. If you are obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to this provision, the Indemnified Parties may, in their sole discretion, control the disposition of any claim at your sole cost and expense. Without limitation of the foregoing, you may not settle, compromise, or in any other manner dispose of any claim without the Organizers’s express written consent.
1. If selected as a winner of a Chainlink award, your acceptance of the Chainlink award means you agree to the following:
    1. You will not disparage Chainlink or its products, services, agents, representatives, directors, officers, shareholders, attorneys, employees, vendors, business partners, affiliates, successors or assigns, or any person acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them, with any written or oral statement. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit the winner from providing truthful information in response to a valid subpoena or other legal process; however, the winning participant agrees to provide Company sufficient notice of such to allow Company the opportunity to oppose such subpoena or legal process prior to providing any information (unless expressly prohibited by applicable law).
    1. You agree that awards are subject to availability and Chainlink and the Sponsors reserve the right to substitute or withdraw any prize without giving notice at their sole discretion.
    1. Any media, such as a blog post, that is created about winning the Event, will first be shared with the Chainlink team beforehand so that we can coordinate and help you spread the message. 
    1. You agree to an interview with a writer affiliated with the Chainlink team, which will result in featuring your project on the Chainlink website and sharing your project with the greater community. 
